---
slug: 'ff25'
title: 'Future Frontend 2025 is open for registrations'
description: 'Future Frontend 2025 is open for registrations'
date: 2024-09-06T11:00:00Z
keywords: ['future-frontend']
author: 'Juho Vepsäläinen'
---

We have run Future Frontend conference twice so far (see [FF23](/2023/) and [FF24](/2024/)) and the conference has found its place in the European conference circuit. Briefly put, Future Frontend is a conference for web developers and product designers that want to be inspired by the current developments in the space. We cover the intersection of design, development, and artificial intelligence in our two-day (27-28.5), single track conference with its eight, themed sessions and sixteen speakers.

## What Future Frontend is about

Future Frontend is a small(ish), future-oriented conference. Our target for 2025 is to reach 200-300 attendees. Typically we attract senior level people, although juniors are welcome. Sometimes it is interesting to meet backend developers looking to level up their frontend game. Roughly half of our audience travels to Finland from abroad making our event somewhat international. Future Frontend is a natural connection point between Finnish and global developer and design communities.

Our target is to inspire you. Ideally you go back home filled with new ideas and understanding of where the field is going. Assuming you join us from abroad, we hope that you have found a new, perhaps unexpected destination, as Finnish culture has a unique edge of its own. Our conference is a good excuse to experience the north.

To truly understand what our conference is about, take a look at the videos we have produced: [Future Frontend 2023 mood video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evVmkKNlr0U), [Future Frontend 2024 mood video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNWLX6QI3ow).

## Future Frontend 2025 in a nutshell

Now that I have your interest, here is Future Frontend 2025 in a nutshell:

* Held 27-28.5 (Tue-Wed) at Dipoli, Espoo, Finland
* Workshops take place 26.5 (Mon)
* Conference days are organized into eight themed sessions with two speakers per each within a single track
* Our themes include demonstrations, design systems, work-life balance, accessibility, AI and ML
* Each session takes 1.5h and it is up to the speaker pair to make most out of it. The benefit of the arrangement is that often the viewpoints can complement each other while giving good ways for audience to interact through QAs and improvized panels.
* The single track format gives uniform experience to all and we have taken care to include ample breaks so you have time to network and reflect
* We organize an afterparty on Wednesday (28.5) that is included to the conference ticket price. This time around there will be sauna by the coast.

> [See the schedule for the exact details](/schedule/)

## Pricing

The super early bird tickets begin from 199€ and there are 50 available. The super early bird tickets will be available until the end of October after which there will be a price increase.

## Future Frontend workshops

We are still negotiating 2025 workshops. There will be a couple available related to the conference themes, such as design systems.

## Call for sponsors

Although you could run a conference without sponsors, it is with the help of sponsoring that we can elevate the quality of the conference on different levels. For a company, it can be a good way to be visible while making sure running these kind of events is viable within this region. In case sponsoring sounds interesting to you or your company, [check out our offer for the sponsors](/for-sponsors/).

In addition to sponsors, we are looking for workshop hosts. The idea would be to provide space somewhere in Helsinki center for twenty attendees, feed and treat them well, and we will put your logo on our site as a partner. There is no better way to show your fancy office to developers than this.

If you have other ideas on how to collaborate, drop an email at (info \<at> futurefrontend.com).

## Conclusion

It is still a long time to the conference. That said, if you want to reduce the stress levels of the conference organizers and commit early, [buy your ticket through Tito](https://ti.to/future-frontend/2025).
