---
slug: 'ff26'
title: 'Future Frontend 2026 is open for registrations'
description: 'Future Frontend 2026 is open for registrations'
date: 2025-12-04T14:00:00Z
keywords: ['future-frontend']
author: 'Juho Vepsäläinen'
---

We have run Future Frontend conference three times so far (see [FF23](/2023/), [FF24](/2024/), and [FF25](/2025/)). The event has established itself as an inspiring gathering that connects local senior developers and designers with international peers to consider our direction in the field. I am happy to announce the fourth edition of Future Frontend conference taking place 8-9.6.2026 at Dipoli, Espoo, Finland, a comfortable distance from Helsinki and its infrastructure. The conference follows a similar format (single track, eight themed sessions) with minor changes, which I will outline next.

> TDLR; 8-9.6.26 at Dipoli, Espoo, Finland. [Buy tickets here]().

## What Future Frontend is about

Future Frontend is primarily an international conference with a Finnish vibe, and it is one of those events that, by nature, are not serious, although they discuss serious topics. We include both technical and softer sessions, and I compose a program with a good balance of speakers to inspire you.

Of course, a conference like this is not only about sessions; it is also about what happens during our ample breaks, when you get to meet other people attending the event. Sessions are only springboards for discussion, and it is not uncommon even for shy Finns to make new acquaintances, or even friends, in an event like this. Due to the small size of the event (target: 200-300 attendees), you are likely to catch up with speakers, and due to a single track, you will have a shared experience with other attendees.

Since words can tell only so much, I recommend [checking out our mood video from 2025](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xadj32ExtWo). The location will be the same for 2026, though we hope to attract enough attendees to fill the main hall rather than stay in the back room. Despite initial difficulties, Dipoli is a good space for us as the building, constructed in the 1960s, represents a positive, futurist view on the world, making it an excellent fit for a conference with the same ethos.

## Future Frontend 2026 in a nutshell

I have condensed our plans for 2026 below:
* 8-9.6.2026 at Dipoli, Espoo, Finland (half an hour from the center of Helsinki, an hour from the airport)
* 10-12.6.2026 workshops at Espoo/Helsinki with a comfortable distance via public transport
* For conference days, expect two themed days - Design (8.6) and Development (9.6). Both will have four themed sessions with roughly two speakers each.
* Our themes will include topics with intersections with artificial intelligence (agents, for example) and self-development at least. Contrary to our earlier conference, we will run a public Call for Sessions to attract speakers beyond our limited radar, and I have described this in greater detail below.
* Each session has roughly 1.5h available, although occasionally our panels run to a break for additional insights. The model allows plenty of freedom for our speakers, and typically, speakers provide complementary viewpoints on a topic or run a single, more extended session together. These deep dives help you better understand the topics discussed.
* The single track format gives you a consistent experience, and you will have something to discuss during our ample breaks (typically 30 minutes), where we make sure you have coffee and perhaps something to eat. An hour buffet-style lunch is included as well.
* We are not sure if there will be an afterparty yet, as this depends on our potential sponsors. That said, if a company interested in sponsoring one were to show up, we would be happy to show you in a positive light! We know how to run one efficiently, but at this point, it is a matter of funding.

## Call for sessions

To ensure we have inspiring topics and a balanced cast, I typically handpick good speakers or rely on recommendations. There are also financial constraints to consider, since we run on a relatively low budget, so we have been forced to favor mainly speakers available in Europe. However, we can typically afford only a speaker or two from further away. I make sure we include at least one first-time speaker (you won't know which!) and that we have a decent number of viewpoints, as that adds to the program's interest.

Besides following this basic principle of picking, for 2026, we are introducing a Call for Sessions (CFS) where you can propose a 1.5-hour session of your own for my consideration. I don't know if we will get any submissions this way, as our prior experience has been relatively poor, but now you have an option to submit if you want to join our conference and feel you would have something to offer within our constraints.

> In case you want to craft a session for our conference, [craft a proposal and participate in our CFS](https://forms.gle/gWReoDDjra4MCQMM8).

## Call for sponsors

As you well know, sponsors are often required to make a good conference great, since, bluntly, you need money to add those tiny touches that elevate the conference experience for all. If your company is interested in supporting our efforts, [please see our sponsorship packages](/for-sponsors/).

## Tickets are now available

To adjust for inflation, we have set up our pricing for Future Frontend 2026 as follows:

* Early bird ticket (both days) - 299€ (inc. VAT)
* Early bird ticket (one day) - 199€ (inc. VAT)
* Workshops - Not available yet, but we expect to start from about 199€ (inc. VAT), depending on the workshop.
* Sponsorships - Starting from 1000€ (exc. VAT) with tickets included, depending on the tier.

If you know you are coming, get your ticket early, as we'll eventually increase the price. Buying early also tends to significantly reduce organizers' stress levels and help with overall planning, since more budget allows us to do more and at a higher quality.

> [The tickets are now available through Tito]()

## Conclusion

Future Frontend 2026 will be yet another inspiring conference, one of the highlights of the year for many of our attendees. I hope you can join us or know someone who would be the perfect fit for the event! Although we attract mainly senior-level developers, designers, and product engineers, you can still gain a lot from the event even if you do not fit this niche exactly.
