---
slug: 'ff26-themes'
title: 'Future Frontend 2026 conference themes'
description: 'Future Frontend 2026 has both design and development themes available'
date: 2026-02-03T17:00:00Z
keywords: ['future-frontend']
author: 'Juho Vepsäläinen'
---

Coming up with a schedule is perhaps one of the more interesting parts of organizing a conference. For 2026, we have planned two separate days: one focused on design and one on development. The first day focuses more on “why” while the second day of this single-track conference centers around “how”. In addition, we have arranged a set of workshops to support your learning.

At its core, we are still a developer conference with a slight bias on the web, but I believe you can still gain a lot from the event even if you work more on the design side or plan your own products. Our core value in program design is providing inspiration and covering topics that are perhaps not so well covered otherwise. Often, you gain the most from sessions that are topically furthest from you, and I believe our arrangement has a good chance of this, given the scope spanning design and development.

In our earlier conferences, we used theme-based sessions in a single track, and this time we take this further by adding a broader structure to support the arrangement. I have done my best to arrange the sessions so that they build a cohesive narrative, giving the conference a view of recent technical advancements while considering the context in which they occur.

> TDLR; 8-9.6.26 at Dipoli, Espoo, Finland. [Buy tickets here](/buy-tickets/).

## 8.6.26 - the design day

For me, design is a lot about answering the question “why”. This means my view is holistic and contains philosophical aspects of design. This is visible in the design day, which I arranged around four sessions: designing futures, future of work, accessibility, and resilience. The first session of the day with Pasi Sillanpää and Joe Macleod gives us the big picture of product design, from start to finish. Laura Snellman-Junna and Anastasiia Zvenigorodskaia examine the future of work as our industry rapidly changes shape. Daniel Yuschick and Ramona Schwering discuss accessibility, an evergreen topic you cannot cover enough. To end the day, Darío Gutiérrez Mori and Georgios Diamantopoulos familiar from 2025 delve into resilience. I am sure it is one of those sessions that will make you reconsider your designs from a completely new angle!

## 9.6.26 - the development day

After the design day, you should be in a good spot to get the most out of the development day, which focuses on “how”. I structured it around four sessions: simplicity, architecture, agentic development, and agentic use cases. To start, Una Kravets and Tony Ennis consider what simplicity gives web developers. The keynote is followed by one focused on software architecture with Matthew Mamonov and Rashmi Suralkar. The conference will end in a pair of agent-focused sessions as first Tejas Kumar and Ohans Emmanuel take stage about agentic development. To conclude the day, Alex Booker, Tony Kovanen, and Rachel-Lee Nabors take the stage to discuss use cases for agents.

## 10-11.6.26 - workshops

To allow you to gain deeper insight into the conference topics, we have arranged the following full-day [workshops](/workshops/):

* 10.06 - Agent Skills driven design - You will learn to build React applications using agent skills in this one with Ohans Emmanuel
* 10.06 - Designing the End - Joe Macleod will show you how to design strong endings for your products, as it is an aspect that is not often considered, while it is still important
* 11.06 - Claude Code Development & Workflows - Joonas Pajunen will show you how to get the most out of Claude. The interesting aspect about this workshop is that it doesn't expect any prior programming experience, as long as you can write English
* 11.06 - Drawing as a tool – The ABC of visual facilitation - Salla Lehtipuu will guide you to the topic of visual facilitation. Learn how drawing can help you to communicate your ideas better to others.

We have priced the workshops at 199€ (inc. VAT). The workshops include a lunch and an afternoon coffee.

## Meetups and afterparty?

It is highly likely there will be more action during the conference week in the form of meetups, and if those materialize, they will be announced closer to the event. Depending on how things go with the sponsors, we might organize an afterparty, though we cannot promise one at this point. If you know kind companies willing to support our conference, forward them to [our sponsorship packages](/for-sponsors/).

## Conclusion

I hope you consider taking part in our conference. We have tried to keep the prices reasonable (starting from 299€ (inc. VAT) for a two-day ticket) while keeping the event sustainable. Early-bird tickets will be available until the end of February, and we’ll increase ticket prices then.

> [The tickets are available through Tito](/buy-tickets/)
